Update local configuration info (#1056)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/manage/configuration.md

"secret":"ab0cd0efghijkl0m12no3pqrstuvw0xyza4bcd567891abcd"}}
```

When you turn on your robot, `viam-server` starts up and, by default, it uses the credentials in its local <file>/etc/viam.json</file> to fetch its full config from the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com).
Once the robot has a configuration, it caches it locally and can use the configuration for up to 60 days.
The robot checks for new configurations every 15 seconds and changes its configuration automatically when a new configuration is available.
All communication happens securely over HTTPS using secret tokens that are in a robot's configuration.

{{< alert title="Tip" color="tip" >}}
You can also store your config file in another location.

> To use such a config file, pass in the path to the config when you start `viam-server`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change where `viam-server` looks for its config file, run the following command:
```
Maybe?

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Linux" %}}

```sh {id="terminal-prompt" class="command-line" data-prompt="$"}

> sudo viam-server -config <path-to-config>.json

Reviewer: Does this actually start the server? Or does this change where it'll look for its config for ever more in the future?

Author: it just starts the server once with that config

You can write the contents of this config file manually, or you can use the Viam app's config builder (without connecting your robot to it).
Once you finish configuring your robot in the **Builder** mode, switch to **Raw JSON** and copy the entire raw JSON into your config file.
Save the file at <file>/etc/viam.json</file> or another location.

Then start `viam-server`:

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Linux" %}}

```sh {id="terminal-prompt" class="command-line" data-prompt="$"}
sudo viam-server
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="macOS" %}}

```sh {id="terminal-prompt" class="command-line" data-prompt="$"}
viam-server
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

If you have stored your config file at a location different from the default location (<file>/etc/viam.json</file>), pass in the path to the config:

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Linux" %}}

```sh {id="terminal-prompt" class="command-line" data-prompt="$"}
sudo viam-server -config <path-to-config>.json
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="macOS" %}}

```sh {id="terminal-prompt" class="command-line" data-prompt="$"}
viam-server -config <path-to-config>.json
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> To run `viam-server` as a system service, see [Installing as a System Service](/installation/install/linux-install/#installing-as-a-system-service).

Author: ```suggestion
To run `viam-server` as a system service, see [Start automatically on boot](/installation/#start-automatically-on-boot).
```
